---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/02-work-station/00/20221216-50/"}
---


## Tiptel BV的Android话机测试反馈
### UCV20 - v5.42.1.3.0
We have tested the two latest firmware versions for the UCV20, and here are our results:

·        Streaming apps are asking for mobile internet to switch on -> Seems to be solved in 5.42.1.3.0

·        We see that other languages in the web gui are added like Chinese and Russian, but no others yet -> Do we need to do (more) translations?
	-> 等我们提供需要翻译的语言文件

·        If you add the Dutch language on the phone itself, and you making changes later in the web gui, the Dutch language is disappearing/deleted  on the phone.
	-> 同上

·        There are still parameters in the web interface which are not synced with parameters in the phone itself.
	-> 内部对比

·        If you play music (MP3 from USB, or streaming audio) to your BT connected headset and there is an incomming call which you are answering (on the headset), and this call is ended, then the music is played back on the speaker and not on the headset, you need to press the headset sign on the phone to get back the music on your headset.
	-> 似乎没问题

·        Screen time-out is working when you select the option “never”, but after one night standby, the setting changes to 10 minutes. So the screen blanks again.
	-> 待核实该机制

·        In firmware 5.42.1.3.0 the phone is named as CIP290V2 in Google Play and not as UCV20.

### UCV22 - v5.42.1.2.1
With version 5.42.1.2.1 on the UCV22 the BLF is not working, you need to set BLF full screen to get BLF working.
